TODO.md, before:

### TODO

[x] Los prefijos pueden ser una lista especifiaca al menos una cantidad especifica.
[ ] Exportar e importar macros. ver si existe algun formato estandard.
[ ] Trabajar la experiencia de usario. imagen controles
    por ej la seleccion de habilitar y deshabilitar.
[x] fuzzy find
[ ] autocompletion list with tab
[x] conver the popup in a side panel
    I tried the side panel but it was not the intended UX
    I implemented a modal overlay that currently search for the macros with fuzzy find.
[ ] edit the readme
[ ] Feature: space sould wait a bit for committing if backspace is typed then the bacspace functinallyty takes place but if another key is typed the the replacement should be performed and the key appended.
[ ] Fix: manual commiting with space is not working after the backspace functionality.
[ ] Fix: the popup scrollbar is not themed.
[ ] Fix; the poput dark theme is different than the search overlay, color consistensis and common color palette is required.
[ ] The new macro button in the popup is missing.

Commit message:

refactor: consolidate theme files into dedicated theme directory
- Create new src/theme directory to centralize all theme-related
functionality
- Move useThemeColors hook from duplicate locations to src/theme/hooks/
- Move ThemeManager component and tests to src/theme/components/
- Move theme constants and utilities to src/theme/
- Remove duplicate useThemeColors implementation
- Remove empty src/editor.tsx file
- Update all import paths to reference the new theme directory structure
- Create index.ts export file for clean theme API

fix:

- Themed the popup scrollbar
- The poput dark theme is now consistent with the search overlay
- Recreated the macro button in the popup that was missing

TODO.md, after:

### TODO

[x] Los prefijos pueden ser una lista especifiaca al menos una cantidad especifica.
[ ] Exportar e importar macros. ver si existe algun formato estandard.
[ ] Trabajar la experiencia de usario. imagen controles
    por ej la seleccion de habilitar y deshabilitar.
[x] fuzzy find
[ ] autocompletion list with tab
[x] conver the popup in a side panel
    I tried the side panel but it was not the intended UX
    I implemented a modal overlay that currently search for the macros with fuzzy find.
[x] edit the readme
[ ] Feature: space sould wait a bit for committing if backspace is typed then the bacspace functinallyty takes place but if another key is typed the the replacement should be performed and the key appended.
[ ] Fix: manual commiting with space is not working after the backspace functionality.
[x] Fix: the popup scrollbar is not themed.
[x] Fix; the poput dark theme is different than the search overlay, color consistensis and common color palette is required.
[x] The new macro button in the popup is missing.
[ ] Unify all the interface popup and editor into the overlay modal currently used only to search. So they are going to be new views accesible by two buttons: create/edit macros and options.
[ ] In the search modal it should be little label indicating the current number of macros in the results.
